Documentation Update: Capture `cloud`/ `backend` block override behavior in docs (#30649)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.mdx

}
```

You cannot use the CLI integration and a [state backend](/language/settings/backends) in the same configuration; they are mutually exclusive.

> A configuration can only provide one `cloud` block and the `cloud` block cannot refer to named values like input variables, locals, or data source attributes.
> Note, however, that a `cloud` block can be overridden by a state backend in an [override file](/language/files/override).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A configuration can only provide one `cloud` block, and the `cloud` block cannot refer to named values like input variables, locals, or data source attributes. However, if a state backend is defined in an [override file](/language/files/override), the state backend will override an existing `cloud` block in the configuration upon merging.
```

Author: 👍

}
```

You cannot use the CLI integration and a [state backend](/language/settings/backends) in the same configuration; they are mutually exclusive.
A configuration can only provide one `cloud` block and the `cloud` block cannot refer to named values like input variables, locals, or data source attributes.
However, if a state `backend` block is defined in an [override file](/language/files/override),

> that `backend` block will override an existing `cloud` block in the configuration upon merging.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this page actually needs this information -- as far as I know, we don't interject with details about `_override.tf` file block merging for any other block types, and I think it makes sense to keep that confined to just the override files page.

Author: Yeah that makes a lot sense, have made this change.
